We knew we were alive not that we have the opportunity
to win match two
Zero without problem at home
Then we enter the court mentalized that if
well it will not be simple nor impossible
Then we demanded to the fullest and thanks gave us results
Happy It's my third final, I won
One lost one
And now there is another one on the way that is another
Saints
Even though today we are eliminated, I think we did
a good paper The
Football is like this sometimes sometimes you want to
sometimes not
And today we have to be eliminated
Look what is done is through time
Is nothing
More of En day
This short period is the entire time that
We have been working demonstrating observing and see the characteristics of
each of the elements and let's see what is the
need that is required for each of the parties
Then the success you know well
Well you say of book and then you comment The success
you have to work
It's not something to improvise it's something that has to
watch
You have to plan
He has to talk to have conscience
The players know what is working what
is intended and because we have players of the characteristics
how can I retain the ball generate superiority in the associative game
In the associative game that does not but when you can
the moment We do not produce it This is the level of play that we expected